scoot sponsor first no sponsor
Magnolia's versus Mega Buster no excuse
yeah right well Oh buddy megabots okay
I'm gonna back up back up back up then
actually has to slide like at least a
little bit
[Applause]
we take gorillas and mice it is feeble
sorry Rendon backlit whip out on
the handrail we take the litter again
no no front favor what bar out and that
leads
[Applause]
Superman Superman that ho
I'm 50/50 backlit what power on this
rail yeah right Maggie I'm in Alice
wants it for riding sponsored for
filming everyone asked me they're like
are you sponsored for her I'm like no
I'm sponsoring he is sponsor performing
thank God